Updates related to three MinIO Client Dec 2023 releases (#1098)
minio/docs: source/includes/common-replication.rst

Site replication enables :ref:`bucket versioning <minio-bucket-versioning>` for all new and existing buckets on all replicated sites.

.. versionadded:: mc RELEASE.2023-12-02T02-03-28Z

You can choose to replicate ILM expiration rules across peer sites.

> Enable this option either at the time of configuring the site replication or by modifying the existing site replication configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable this option using the :mc-cmd:`mc replicate add --replicate-ilm-expiry` modifier at the time of configuring the site replication. 
You can also enable or disable the behavior on an existing sit e replication configuration using :mc-cmd:`mc replicate edit`.
```

Author: Tweaked it and pointed to the `mc admin replicate` command instead, but otherwise 👍
